=Glory Back=
=Episode 11=
Qing?
Qing!
It's really you, Qing.
Qing,
my heart aches.
Why must my children
be taken so cruelly, before their time?
I watched all of them
scrambling endlessly,
turning the harem into a mess.
Only then did I realize
how much you sacrificed over the years
for the peace of the harem.
Indeed, her sacrifices
far exceeded what you imagined.
Qing.
Back then, because I feared the Gu clan,
I added musk to the bracelet I gave you.
It's my life's greatest regret.
I often think, if back then...
What's there to think about?
Everything was burned clean
by that fire.
I never expected a fire to break out
in the mourning hall.
When I rushed back...
She's dead. What's the use
of pretending to be affectionate now?
Qing,
I have so many words
I haven't said to you.
How I wish
I could see you one more time.
Xiao Luo, remember this:
your last moment with Gu Qing
will forever be the day you broke her
and cut her with your sword.
♪Through wind and snow,
letting white hair fly free♪
(This bracelet was placed
on my wrist by Your Majesty.)
I thought it held Your Majesty's love.
But I never imagined
it concealed musk inside.
If you were to bear an heir,
would the Gu clan threaten me?
Or would you rule secretly
like your aunt?
You spent all day at your aunt's palace.
Those who didn't know would think
you were the Gu family's Empress.
Did it ever occur to you that I went
to smooth things over for you?
I didn't need you to do that.
I've told you many times.
Why must you be so stubborn?
Have you ever truly stood by my side?
Have you ever had
the slightest trust in me?
Your Majesty sees the Gu clan
as a mortal threat.
And you guard against me secretly too.
Is there even half a grain of sincerity
in Your Majesty's words?
♪Time rushes by, flowing towards decay♪
♪Earthly entanglements,
ever-changing, helpless yet♪
There is.
♪No right or wrong♪
(Who is this?)
(Why does her back look familiar?)
My feelings for you are genuine.
I like you too.
Qing,
my feelings for you are genuine.
I... I never could have imagined
that sword would wound you.
(You're still not over Qing.)
Your Majesty,
please drink some sobering soup.
Here.
I'm drunk. I don't feel well.
I'll bring Your Majesty
a bowl of stomach-warming soup.
Your Highness.
Take care of His Majesty.
Leave it to me.
Does Your Majesty feel better?
The dream just now felt so real.
That was a brilliant move.
Who else came besides the Noble Consort?
A palace maid
from Concubine Su also came.
She's called...
Feng Qing?
Yes, Feng Qing.
(Could the chess master behind Su Dai)
(really be her?)
(Yongfu Palace)
My lady, it's time to wash up and rest.
Caiping, where is
my youth-preserving medicine?
If His Majesty sees I restore
my former radiant beauty,
he is sure to feel affection,
restoring me to the rank of concubine.
As only a noble lady now,
you mustn't speak as before.
If someone overhears,
it will only give them leverage.
Get out!
My lady!
Help, my lady!
Why must you kneel like this?
You did well this time.
Su Dai finally miscarried.
At the Chrysanthemum and Crab Banquet,
Caiping put the saffron into her soup.
I saw her drink it with my own eyes.
Where exactly did things go wrong?
And those bees.
They weren't drawn by me.
That day, she pretended to trip
and fell onto me,
stealing my handkerchief.
It was Su Dai. She framed me, my lady!
So it seems all of this was her scheme?
But she'd sacrifice her unborn heir
just to frame you?
Does that make sense?
This matter is surely suspicious.
Please be discerning.
(Handbook
of Prescriptions for Emergencies)
(Three days later,
is the wind unfavorable?)
(Finally, the wind will be at my back.)
Noble Lady Cao is here to plead again.
Let her stop for a few days.
However, Su Dai's miscarriage
is truly suspicious.
Greetings, my lady. May you be well.
Today, I routinely reviewed
documents from the Six Bureaus.
I found something in menstrual records
from the Imperial Bedchamber Office.
Menstrual records?
(Volume Seven of Bedchamber Records)
What did you find?
My lady,
one page in these menstrual records
has uneven paper color.
(Seventh month)
Rubbing it reveals uneven thickness.
I suspect someone scraped off
the old record and filled in a new date.
(Su Dai)
It's Concubine Su?
Exactly.
No wonder. That explains it.
Her pregnancy was fake.
Su Dai faked her cycles and a pregnancy
to deceive His Majesty.
Yingzhu, go invite His Majesty.
The rest of you,
come with me to Yongfu Palace.
Congratulations, Concubine Su.
Rewards for everyone.
I've endured years of oppression
from Cao Zhen in Yongfu Palace.
Today, I rise
to rule a palace of my own.
Soon, I'll move
to a more spacious palace.
All of you shall be rewarded.
Thank you, my lady.
Bihen will be the head maid
of Yongfu Palace.
Thank you, my lady.
Feng Qing,
you are so clever and capable.
What should I reward you with?
(My scheme is now complete.)
(It's time to deal with you,
a chess-playing seductress,)
(to eliminate future trouble.)
My lady, your achieving your wish
is the greatest reward for me.
(You are selfish, cold,
greedy, and jealous.)
(You've already stepped into the trap)
(and won't escape unscathed.)
His Majesty has arrived!
Why has His Majesty come at this time?
Maybe it's to name you a concubine.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
Noble Concubine Meng.
Concubine Su, you recently miscarried,
yet your complexion is excellent.
It seems I was overly concerned.
I... I heard Your Majesty was coming
and could hardly contain my joy.
You calculated that I would come?
Bold Su Dai, faking a pregnancy
to fool His Majesty?
Do you admit your guilt?
Why do you say that?
I lost my child, and my heart is torn.
How could you frame me like that?
Among the menstrual records,
only your page has uneven paper color.
It's truly hard to spot
without close inspection.
How dare you deny it?
Your Majesty, I am wronged.
Can Your Majesty condemn me
based solely on a piece of paper?
The Imperial Bedchamber maid
has confessed.
She took silver from your family
to alter the records for you.
She even confessed
about how she scraped the paper
and forged the date.
Let her see it for herself
and see what else she has to say.
(Seventh month)
I admit my fault, but this action
was truly out of desperation.
My rank is low, and Noble Concubine Meng
unjustly removed my attendance token.
I shouldn't have altered the records.
But I desperately wanted
to see Your Majesty.
Deceiving His Majesty warrants death,
yet you dare to drag me into it?
Your Majesty,
why not take her away
and torture the truth out of her?
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, I know I was wrong.
I know I was wrong.
My lady, show mercy.
Physician Chen says Concubine Su
has a blood and qi deficiency.
How could she withstand torture?
Summon Physician Gu.
Have Physician Gu examine thoroughly
how Concubine Su's health truly is.
Yes.
Lord Gu, please.
(Su Dai's secret is likely out.)
(I wonder if Feng Qing
will be in danger this time.)
Your Majesty.
No formalities.
Physician Gu,
quickly take Concubine Su's pulse.
Yes.
Her pulse is solid and strong,
indicating abundant qi and blood.
Abundant qi and blood?
How could someone
who miscarried be like that?
Your Majesty,
her pulse shows no signs of miscarriage,
never even a hint of pregnancy.
Her pregnancy pulse
was diagnosed by Physician Chen.
My lord, could you have misdiagnosed?
She must have previously
taken the Amenorrhea Pill.
It mimics a pregnancy pulse,
leading to a mistaken diagnosis.
The effects of the Amenorrhea Pill
wear off after half a month.
And the pulse returns to normal.
Your Majesty,
I have no knowledge
of the Amenorrhea Pill at all.
Your Majesty, someone must set me up.
The Amenorrhea Pill is a banned drug
in the Imperial Medical Office.
One Amenorrhea Pill went missing
from the chest at the month's start.
Only Liu from the Imperial Pharmacy
visited that day.
What are you waiting for?
Bring Liu here.
An interrogation reveals the truth.
Liu has disappeared.
Send someone to find out
who she saw before she disappeared
and what words were exchanged.
Yes.
Your Majesty,
the last person Liu saw
was her.
♪Once a lonely sail,
without a guiding light♪
♪With the warmth you lent me,
how could I fear loneliness♪
♪Day and night together,
sharing joys and sorrows♪
♪Searching all under heaven,
my heart won't change♪
♪Fate in haste, looking back
countless times, you swayed for me♪
♪Among a vast sea of people,
faintly seeing the old self♪
♪Scenery along the way,
looking back, love finds its echo♪
♪Watching the bustling world together,
we write more verses♪